if a bit verbose i have been grasping at something like a dying animal wanting and holding and needing ripping kicked there you kicked me i have rewritten it it so many ways to try to write that animal out of it no, no language no stop language stop language, no language to soothe your violence as i came to see language as what it came from fruit eat fruit here on floor, fruit fruit i fruit i eat the fruit the the me body the i of my body eats the fruit from the floor from from i eat the fruit from the floor and i feed you i feed you and eat and i feed the floor with my fruit i shit and i eat you i eat you and feed you to the floor i feed your fruit my shit i feed your fruit you i eat your fruit i feed on your fruit this fruit mine now mine mine i eat mine i take it i take you i fuck the fruit of your body i fuck your fruit i fuck you and eat you and i feed the floor your body i feed the floor as the body of the gods i feed the floor with your body i feed the body of the gods with your body i give the body of your body to the body of the gods the god of the gods is feed feeding the god of the gods with your body i feed the god of the gods with my body i feed the god of the gods with my fruit of my body god will god will god will the fruit god wills the fruit to my body god wills my body to the fruit god eats the fruit of my body god shit the body of my fruit god feeds the god of the gods with the fruit of his body god shit the body of the gods god shit the gods fuck them fuck me fuck you god will the body of the gods to floor fuck the floor god feed the body of the gods to mouth fuck the mouth god feed the body of the gods to mouth fuck the life fuck this life mouth eat the body of the gods call it home call home why don't you call home anymore my mouth eat the body of the gods come in my mouth come home eat my mouth don't ever go home again the gods my mouth the fruit of the body of the gods my mouth eat shit fuck bite my wrist on the floor of the bathroom of the gods your fruit my mouth my shit your body my fruit my body my god god god god god god god god god
dear god, i need to

eat. Here. here floor here on floor here on floor fruit eat eat fruit fruit seed no seed floor fruit feed fruit good good feed good good fruit sit floor fruit floor hold fruit hold fruit in hold fruit in hand hand hold fruit hand hold fruit in mouth mouth bite bite fruit mouth bite fruit in hand hand move fruit to mouth hand from me me hand my hand my hand hold fruit my hand hold fruit in mouth my hand hold fruit at mouth at mouth my hand hand take fruit mouth hand take wet face take wet from face from from from from fruit floor from floor, fruit fruit from the floor the the the floor the fruit the hand my hand the fruit my fruit you fruit my hand take fruit from floor my hand take the fruit from the floor my hand take the fruit from the you hand you. you. your hand your the fruit my the fruit your fruit my fruit hand hand now now. now. look now look - now. now is. is. is. now is now is the fruit mine my fruit is mine mine mine is the fruit fruit from the floor in my hand from from hand in my mouth feed feed feed good fruit feed good fruit from hand to hand to mouth my hand to my mouth your hand to your mouth my hand to your mouth feed i feed i eye look eye, i. i, i, i. your hand to me i mouth your fruit to my mouth your fruit to my mouth your fruit from floor to my mouth from the floor take take take take fruit from your hand take fruit from the your hand from the floor take your hand my hand now take your hand mine the hand is mine now take your fruit from the your hand take your fruit from the your mouth your fruit in my mouth i take i take fruit the fruit i take fruit i feed the you mouth i feed fruit to your mouth i feed fruit in my mouth in in my mouth i feed fruit eat eat i eat fruit i eat your fruit i eat the fruit from your hand i eat the fruit of your hand i eat you i eat you i eat the fruit of your hand in my mouth i take the fruit of your hand in my mouth and and and i eat it i take the fruit of your hand in my mouth and i eat it i give the fruit to the floor i give the fruit i give i push give i push a way i push away out of my hand i push away from my the me the i no eye look eye me i push my body body body my fruit my fruit of my body i push the fruit from my the me. the body into floor i push the fruit out of my body into the floor i push the fruit of your body to the floor and i fuck i fuck the fruit of your body and i eat i eat you and your fruit and your body i eat and feed and good good good i shit shit i shit the fruit i shit the fruit i shit i give fruit my fruit give fruit my fruit push fruit to floor my fruit push fruit to floor and i eat i eat my fruit my fruit from my fruit you fruit your fruit gives and fruit and you fruit gives your fruit you push to floor and i eat my fruit now your fruit from your fruit mine mine mine now your fruit my feed now i eat now i feed you shit i feed your fruit my shit i feed you body of you fruit your fruit in your body now i eat your body i eat your body and shit your body i shit your body and feed the floor i feed the floor with your body i feed the body of the gods with your body i give the body of your body to the body of the gods the god of the gods is feed feeding the god of the gods with your body i feed the god of the gods with my body i feed the god of the gods with my fruit of my body god will god will god will the fruit god wills the fruit to my body god wills my body to the fruit god eats the fruit of my body god shit the body of my fruit god feeds the god of the gods with the fruit of his body god shit the body of the gods god shit the gods god will the body of the gods to floor god feed the body of the gods to mouth god feed the body of the gods to mouth mouth eat the body of the gods my mouth eat the body of the gods my mouth eat my mouth the gods my mouth the fruit of the body of the gods my mouth eat shit of the gods your fruit my mouth my shit your body my fruit my body my god god god god god god god god god

dear editors, i have enclosed the above text; a translation of archeolinguistic artefacts of the earliest clay, stick and geological tokens of what would become the written human language i write you in now. shortly, i hope to provide a line-by-line account that suggests the horror of what took place and the horrifying violence that led to belief, to language itself, to the body as a language, and the language as a body, and belief being so tied to the body, tied to sacrifice, tied. tied. tied to feeding, devouring and tired waste, and the cycle of violence being for something, something, for some conceptual reason, let it have been for something, please, how did i let it get to this? This, what was all of this fucking for? i was fucked, i didn't ask for it but i was fucked and then after, what after? well, I suppose I got up off the floor. I must have got up and i guess I had to eat. I had to eat, so I did eat. I guess it must have been fruit that I ate, I seem to remember there only being fruit in the house. I must have, at least eventually been hungry, I I don't remember but I guess what came after he did was my hunger, I guess what came after his hunger was mine; i guess what came after he came was my hunger, so I must have eaten. i must have eaten fruit. i think i ate fruit. i think yes, i ate some fruit, which must have come, as some point, from the earth. From the floor. I guess i must have returned it there, where it goes, when I shit. After he ate me. The fruit, my fruit, must have at some point been in the floor, or its seed come from the floor, so after he took me, came his seed in me i must have taken the fruit from the floor. I must have after he take fruit from floor i must have been hungry after so i must have eat fruit after he ate my fruit after me fruit got eaten take he shit me eat i must have i must he eat I eat he i was eaten i get eaten i eaten he eat i eaten i eaten i eat i eat eat eat eat eat eat eat
eat.

grasping at something like a dying animal (pray for yer gran)
(if a bit verbose i have been grasping at something like a dying animal wanting and holding and needing ripping kicked there you kicked me i have rewritten it me it tries to write that animal out of where you bit me no, no speaking stop language stop talking, no tongue to soothe violence as i came to see you as the language i came from the)
fruit. eat fruit here on floor, fruit fruit i fruit i eat the fruit the the me body the i of my body eats the fruit from the floor from from i eat the fruit from the floor and i feed you i feed you and eat and i feed the floor with my fruit i shit and i eat you i eat you and feed you to the floor i eat your fruit i feed on your fruit this fruit mine now mine mine i eat mine i take it i take you i fuck the fruit of your body i fuck your fruit i fuck you and eat you and i feed the floor your body i feed the floor as the body of the gods i feed the floor with your body i feed the body of the gods with your body i give the body of your body to the body of the gods and they eat it see the god of the gods is feed you feeding the god of the gods with your body there. see how you like it. god will god will fruit god wills the fruit to my body god wills my body to the fruit god eats the fruit of my body god fuck the shit from my body of fruit god feeds the god of the gods with the fruit of his body god shit the body of the gods god shit the gods fuck them fuck me fuck you god will the body of the gods to floor fuck the floor god feed the body of the gods to mouth fuck the mouth god feed the body of the gods to mouth fuck the life fuck this life fuck it it it it it it bit mouth eat the body of the gods call it home call home call what home don't you call home anymore my mouth eat the body of the gods come in my mouth come home eat my mouth don't ever go home again god no it not safe there there sweet fruit my mouth fruit of the body of gods in my mouth eat shit fuck bite my wrist on the floor of the bathroom of gods they're your fruit there my mouth their shit your body my fruit my body not mine you're my god god god god god god god god god
dear god, need to
(eat, youll be hungry later growing boy. got tatties in yer ears, get em out get em in yer stomach get ye on the bus
in bed holds the poem that held me day off work year off work thirty one years of work of me get it off me in bed holding the poem holds the memory holds me in bed surrounded by books holding words growing old with me
your words arrive in soggy boxes, stained with salt i blink through them day off work to see granny's consultant, pray for good news, love you callie sigh old hope through bird bones left, hollow, hollow through hollow december all red in december well read dog-eared dead now, now hear listen i hate it, you, this window now. you broke it fog embers thickly, dreich, dreich remember. i hate it
re member soft fingers gentle break in
thinner windows too open for getting chocolate, cheap, cheap every mourning of love for it
never asked for never ever forgiving it
think about second person how it feels to have one (you)
it is 5 in the morning i send back to you my author a poem called sleeplessness with words that i sent to its author, saying how i am (without) saying praying and praying and praying for you (her, you)
long lines of the face of her worrying about losing her hair, so proud of it kind of pride making leaving harder a year harder and harder come back, nay can't breathe there can't be breathing that impossible air
ending with you always ending with you lines joined at the brow mark gone marked the spot for the bone saw how grateful i was for this book staying, with me in hospital, in lieu of you i was closer and closer than all years left beside you
wrapped in a towel or your teeth at the fog of the mirror she tried cleaning my keys with steam and stuck them fast stuck with the misplaced love that made you so angry so angry then, so so angry taught me, my piano how to shiver and hold eachother to now, see you now, never how her distance from death gets her close to you
cold, cold wet hair dripped there on my toe fresh broken naked of its nail when you bit me, remember.
yet, where were you when
line by line lines all lead to from you at my bedside there, here, there there get under the covers with me i said to its pages, shh, it's okay to be scared i sang to the book you're alone, you're alone, you
think about second person, you and yours, and think about third, how it felt then, to have them
your labour. your fruit me. me, you. me not you. me but not then. not me from you, just you
the work begins with past versions of you dreaming and ends with me further and further and further from you you you)
eat.
eat
fruit.
